Call for datasets
14th Intl. Working Conference on Mining Software Repositories
Deadline: August 1st

----------------------------------------------------------------

MSR 2017 Open Call for Mining Challenge Proposals

This year we are soliciting mining challenge proposals from the MSR
community. We are making this call available prior to MSR 2017 in the
hopes that members of the MSR community will take this time to
collaborate and brainstorm on creative and high quality ideas for the
MSR 2017 mining challenge. Submissions should include the following
information within 1 page:

    1. Title
    2. What is your dataset?
    3. What is the size of it?
    4. How accessible is it and how the data can be obtained?
    5. How generalizable is it?
    6. Does it has specialized components?
    7. What would a challenger need to work with the dataset?
    8. What kind of questions do you expect challengers to answer?
    9. Give us a small sample of the data.

Submissions of should be 1 page with an optional 3 page appendix in
standard ACM format. As an incentive, the selected winning submission
will appear in the MSR 2017 proceedings and the challenge papers that
use the data set will be required to cite the challenge paper or an
existing paper about the data set selected by the winning proposal
team. Submissions will be examined and discussed by the MSR 2017 PC
chairs, General Chair, and potentially steering committee members in
cases of conflict of interest. The challenge chairs will be those from
the winning proposal's team; the challenge chairs choose the MSR 2017
Mining Challenge program committee.

The PC of the challenge track will be finalized by August 31st, 2016,
and the challenge CFP along with the PC will be announced on August
25th, 2016 along with a public release of the challenge data. By
making the challenge data set available by late August, we hope that
many student teams will be able to use the challenge data set for
their class projects. The submission, reviewing, and presentation of
challenge papers will be conducted in the same way as previous years.

MSR 2017 Organization/Proposal Reviewers:

    General Chair: Jesus M. Gonzalez-Barahona, Universidad Rey Juan
                   Carlos
    PC Co-Chair: Lin Tan, University of Waterloo
    PC Co-Chair: Abram Hindle, University of Alberta

MSR 2017 Web Site:
http://2017.msrconf.org/

Open Challenge Submission Web Site:
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=msr2017cp

Timeline:

    Deadline for proposals: August 1st, 2016
    Proposal accepted and all submitters notified: August 5th, 2016
    Challenge PC formed: August 31st, 2016
    Challenge CFP: August 31st, 2016
    Challenge data made available: August 31st, 2016
    Challenge papers deadline: Feb 20th, 2017 
